Feature - show .NET Core templates in Visual Studio (#299)
arcus-azure/arcus.templates: docs/preview/features/show-dotnet-templates-in-visualstudio.md

> ---

Reviewer: Let's add a link from the index.md

> title: "Show .NET project templates in Visual Studio"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Use Arcus project templates in Visual Studio
```

layout: default
---

> # Show .NET project templates in Visual Studio

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Use Arcus project templates in Visual Studio
```

The available .NET project templates in this repository are all available via the command line.
For example:

```shell
PM > dotnet new --install Arcus.Templates.WebApi
```

Which will install the template on your machine so it can be used for creating new projects:

```shell
> dotnet new arcus-webapi --name Arcus.Demo.WebAPI
```

> But these .NET project templates can also be shown up in Visual Studio by following these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, you can also use our .NET templates in Visual Studio by following these steps:
```

1. Go to **Tools > Options** in Visual Studio
2. Navigate to **Preview Features**
3. Check the box **Show all .NET Core templates in the New project dialog**

![Show all .NET Core templates in the New project dialog via Tools > Options > Preview Features](img/show-dotnet-templates-in-vs.png)

> 

Author: Couldn't yet show how the result is because we don't have any templates released yet with the logo.

Reviewer: Let's split the PRs then maybe?

Author: Yeah, ok, I'll remove this and the image from the PR.
